1. CT SCAN:,
Depending on which part of your body is being scanned, you may be asked to: Take off some or all of your clothing and wear a hospital gown. Remove metal objects such as a belt jewelry, dentures and eyeglasses, which might interfere with image results. Refrain from eating or drinking for a few hours before your scan.,

2. Ultrasound:,
Drink water and not go to the toilet until after the scan – this may be needed before a scan of your unborn baby or your pelvic area, avoid eating or drinking for several hours before the scan, this may be needed before a scan of your digestive system, including the liver and gallbladder.,

3.Blood Test:,
Don't eat or drink anything except water for 8 to 12 hours before getting the blood test. Do not stop any medication without consulting the doctor. Don't eat heavy, fatty, and fried food items 1-2 days before the test day.,

4. Urine Test:,
Before the test, don't eat foods that can change the colour of your urine.,
Don't do heavy exercise before the test. Tell your doctor ALL the medicines and natural health products you take.,

5. COVID Test:,
COVID-19 tests are effective only if a person is showing symptoms. People without symptoms may test negative (false negative result) even though they carry the virus and are asymptomatic. It's important to be tested only if you have symptoms.,

6. MRI Test:,
The appropriate hours that you should not eat or drink is four hours before the process.This decision usually depends on the part of the body the doctor is diagnosing and also the medical condition. It is better not to wear any metal before coming to the pathology laboratory.,

7. Sugar Test:,
For a fasting blood glucose test, you can't eat or drink anything except water for 8 hours before your test. You may want to schedule a fasting glucose test first thing in the morning so that you don't have to fast during the day.,

8. Blood Pressure Test:,
Don't eat or drink anything 30 minutes before you take your blood pressure. Empty your bladder before your reading. Sit in a comfortable chair with your back supported for at least 5 minutes before your reading. Put both feet flat on the ground and keep your legs uncrossed.,